Linking to current spec (#64)
OAI/Overlay-Specification: README.md

# Overlay-Specification

> The [Overlay Specification](versions/1.0.0.md) is a community-driven open specification within the [OpenAPI Initiative](https://www.openapis.org/), a Linux Foundation Collaborative Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Overlay Specification](https://spec.openapis.org/overlay/latest.html) is a community-driven open specification within the [OpenAPI Initiative](https://www.openapis.org/), a Linux Foundation Collaborative Project.
```
That will be the publication URL
